.TH "DOCKER" "1" "APRIL 2014" "Docker User Manuals" ""
.SH NAME
.PP
docker\-push \- Push an image or a repository to the registry
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\f[B]docker push\f[] NAME[:TAG]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Push an image or a repository to a registry.
The default registry is the Docker Index located at
index.docker.io (https://index.docker.io/v1/).
However the image can be pushed to another, perhaps private, registry as
demonstrated in the example below.
.SH EXAMPLE
.SH Pushing a new image to a registry
.PP
First save the new image by finding the container ID (using \f[B]docker
ps\f[]) and then committing it to a new image name:
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
#\ docker\ commit\ c16378f943fe\ rhel\-httpd
\f[]
.fi
.PP
Now push the image to the registry using the image ID.
In this example the registry is on host named registry\-host and
listening on port 5000.
Default Docker commands will push to the default
\f[C]index.docker.io\f[] registry.
Instead, push to the local registry, which is on a host called
registry\-host*.
To do this, tag the image with the host name or IP address, and the port
of the registry:
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
#\ docker\ tag\ rhel\-httpd\ registry\-host:5000/myadmin/rhel\-httpd
#\ docker\ push\ registry\-host:5000/myadmin/rhel\-httpd
\f[]
.fi
.PP
Check that this worked by running:
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
#\ docker\ images
\f[]
.fi
.PP
You should see both \f[C]rhel\-httpd\f[] and
\f[C]registry\-host:5000/myadmin/rhel\-httpd\f[] listed.
.SH HISTORY
.PP
April 2014, Originally compiled by William Henry (whenry at redhat dot
com) based on docker.io source material and internal work.
.SH AUTHORS
William Henry.
