.TH "DOCKER" "1" "APRIL 2014" "Docker User Manuals" ""
.SH NAME
.PP
docker\-search \- Search the docker index for images
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\f[B]docker search\f[] \f[B]\-\-no\-trunc\f[][=\f[I]false\f[]]
\f[B]\-t\f[]|\f[B]\-\-trusted\f[][=\f[I]false\f[]]
\f[B]\-s\f[]|\f[B]\-\-stars\f[][=\f[I]0\f[]] TERM
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Search an index for an image with that matches the term TERM.
The table of images returned displays the name, description (truncated
by default), number of stars awarded, whether the image is official, and
whether it is trusted.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\f[B]\-\-no\-trunc\f[]=\f[I]true\f[]|\f[I]false\f[] When true display
the complete description.
The default is false.
.PP
\f[B]\-s\f[], \f[B]\-\-stars\f[]=NUM Only displays with at least NUM
(integer) stars.
I.e.
only those images ranked >=NUM.
.PP
\f[B]\-t\f[], \f[B]\-\-trusted\f[]=\f[I]true\f[]|\f[I]false\f[] When
true only show trusted builds.
The default is false.
.SH EXAMPLE
.SS Search the registry for ranked images
.PP
Search the registry for the term \[aq]fedora\[aq] and only display those
images ranked 3 or higher:
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ sudo\ docker\ search\ \-s\ 3\ fedora
NAME\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ DESCRIPTION\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ STARS\ OFFICIAL\ \ TRUSTED
mattdm/fedora\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ A\ basic\ Fedora\ image\ corresponding\ roughly...\ \ 50
fedora\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ (Semi)\ Official\ Fedora\ base\ image.\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 38
mattdm/fedora\-small\ \ \ A\ small\ Fedora\ image\ on\ which\ to\ build.\ Co...\ \ 8
goldmann/wildfly\ \ \ \ \ \ A\ WildFly\ application\ server\ running\ on\ a\ ...\ \ 3\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ [OK]
\f[]
.fi
.SS Search the registry for trusted images
.PP
Search the registry for the term \[aq]fedora\[aq] and only display
trusted images ranked 1 or higher:
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ sudo\ docker\ search\ \-s\ 1\ \-t\ fedora
NAME\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ DESCRIPTION\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ STARS\ OFFICIAL\ \ TRUSTED
goldmann/wildfly\ \ \ A\ WildFly\ application\ server\ running\ on\ a\ ...\ \ \ 3\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ [OK]
tutum/fedora\-20\ \ \ \ Fedora\ 20\ image\ with\ SSH\ access.\ For\ the\ r...\ \ \ 1\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ [OK]
\f[]
.fi
.SH HISTORY
.PP
April 2014, Originally compiled by William Henry (whenry at redhat dot
com) based on docker.io source material and internal work.
.SH AUTHORS
William Henry.
