.TH "DOCKER" "1" "APRIL 2014" "Docker User Manuals" ""
.SH NAME
.PP
docker\-ps \- List containers
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\f[B]docker ps\f[] [\f[B]\-a\f[]|\f[B]\-\-all\f[]=\f[I]false\f[]]
[\f[B]\-\-before\f[]=""]
[\f[B]\-l\f[]|\f[B]\-\-latest\f[]=\f[I]false\f[]]
[\f[B]\-n\f[]=\f[I]\-1\f[]]
[\f[B]\-\-no\-trunc\f[]=\f[I]false\f[]][\f[B]\-q\f[]|\f[B]\-\-quiet\f[]=\f[I]false\f[]]
[\f[B]\-s\f[]|\f[B]\-\-size\f[]=\f[I]false\f[]][\f[B]\-\-since\f[]=""]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
List the containers in the local repository.
By default this show only the running containers.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\f[B]\-a\f[], \f[B]\-\-all\f[]=\f[I]true\f[]|\f[I]false\f[] When true
show all containers.
Only running containers are shown by default.
Default is false.
.PP
\f[B]\-\-before\f[]="" Show only container created before Id or Name,
include non\-running ones.
.PP
\f[B]\-l\f[], \f[B]\-\-latest\f[]=\f[I]true\f[]|\f[I]false\f[] When true
show only the latest created container, include non\-running ones.
The default is false.
.PP
\f[B]\-n\f[]=NUM Show NUM (integer) last created containers, include
non\-running ones.
The default is \-1 (none)
.PP
\f[B]\-\-no\-trunc\f[]=\f[I]true\f[]|\f[I]false\f[] When true truncate
output.
Default is false.
.PP
\f[B]\-q\f[], \f[B]\-\-quiet\f[]=\f[I]true\f[]|\f[I]false\f[] When false
only display numeric IDs.
Default is false.
.PP
\f[B]\-s\f[], \f[B]\-\-size\f[]=\f[I]true\f[]|\f[I]false\f[] When true
display container sizes.
Default is false.
.PP
\f[B]\-\-since\f[]="" Show only containers created since Id or Name,
include non\-running ones.
.SH EXAMPLE
.SH Display all containers, including non\-running
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
#\ docker\ ps\ \-a
CONTAINER\ ID\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ IMAGE\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ COMMAND\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ CREATED\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ STATUS\ \ \ \ \ \ PORTS\ \ \ \ NAMES
a87ecb4f327c\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ fedora:20\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ /bin/sh\ \-c\ #(nop)\ MA\ \ \ 20\ minutes\ ago\ \ \ \ \ \ Exit\ 0\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ desperate_brattain
01946d9d34d8\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ vpavlin/rhel7:latest\ \ /bin/sh\ \-c\ #(nop)\ MA\ \ \ 33\ minutes\ ago\ \ \ \ \ \ Exit\ 0\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ thirsty_bell
c1d3b0166030\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ acffc0358b9e\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ /bin/sh\ \-c\ yum\ \-y\ up\ \ \ 2\ weeks\ ago\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Exit\ 1\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ determined_torvalds
41d50ecd2f57\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ fedora:20\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ /bin/sh\ \-c\ #(nop)\ MA\ \ \ 2\ weeks\ ago\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Exit\ 0\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ drunk_pike
\f[]
.fi
.SH Display only IDs of all containers, including non\-running
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
#\ docker\ ps\ \-a\ \-q
a87ecb4f327c
01946d9d34d8
c1d3b0166030
41d50ecd2f57
\f[]
.fi
.SH HISTORY
.PP
April 2014, Originally compiled by William Henry (whenry at redhat dot
com) based on docker.io source material and internal work.
.SH AUTHORS
William Henry.
