.TH "DOCKER" "1" "APRIL 2014" "Docker User Manuals" ""
.SH NAME
.PP
docker\-images \- List the images in the local repository
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\f[B]docker images\f[] [\f[B]\-a\f[]|\f[B]\-\-all\f[]=\f[I]false\f[]]
[\f[B]\-\-no\-trunc\f[][=\f[I]false\f[]]
[\f[B]\-q\f[]|\f[B]\-\-quiet\f[][=\f[I]false\f[]][\f[B]\-t\f[]|\f[B]\-\-tree\f[]=\f[I]false\f[]]
\f[B]\-v\f[]|\f[B]\-\-viz\f[]=\f[I]false\f[] (#name)
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This command lists the images stored in the local Docker repository.
.PP
By default, intermediate images, used during builds, are not listed.
Some of the output, e.g.
image ID, is truncated, for space reasons.
However the truncated image ID, and often the first few characters, are
enough to be used in other Docker commands that use the image ID.
The output includes repository, tag, image ID, date created and the
virtual size.
.PP
The title REPOSITORY for the first title may seem confusing.
It is essentially the image name.
However, because you can tag a specific image, and multiple tags (image
instances) can be associated with a single name, the name is really a
repository for all tagged images of the same name.
For example consider an image called fedora.
It may be tagged with 18, 19, or 20, etc.
to manage different versions.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\f[B]\-a\f[], \f[B]\-\-all\f[]=\f[I]true\f[]|\f[I]false\f[] When set to
true, also include all intermediate images in the list.
The default is false.
.PP
\f[B]\-\-no\-trunc\f[]=\f[I]true\f[]|\f[I]false\f[] When set to true,
list the full image ID and not the truncated ID.
The default is false.
.PP
\f[B]\-q\f[], \f[B]\-\-quiet\f[]=\f[I]true\f[]|\f[I]false\f[] When set
to true, list the complete image ID as part of the output.
The default is false.
.PP
\f[B]\-t\f[], \f[B]\-\-tree\f[]=\f[I]true\f[]|\f[I]false\f[] When set to
true, list the images in a tree dependency tree (hierarchy) format.
The default is false.
.PP
\f[B]\-v\f[], \f[B]\-\-viz\f[]=\f[I]true\f[]|\f[I]false\f[] When set to
true, list the graph in graphviz format.
The default is \f[I]false\f[].
.SH EXAMPLES
.SS Listing the images
.PP
To list the images in a local repository (not the registry) run:
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
docker\ images
\f[]
.fi
.PP
The list will contain the image repository name, a tag for the image,
and an image ID, when it was created and its virtual size.
Columns: REPOSITORY, TAG, IMAGE ID, CREATED, and VIRTUAL SIZE.
.PP
To get a verbose list of images which contains all the intermediate
images used in builds use \f[B]\-a\f[]:
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
docker\ images\ \-a
\f[]
.fi
.SS List images dependency tree hierarchy
.PP
To list the images in the local repository (not the registry) in a
dependency tree format, use the \f[B]\-t\f[] option.
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
docker\ images\ \-t
\f[]
.fi
.PP
This displays a staggered hierarchy tree where the less indented image
is the oldest with dependent image layers branching inward (to the
right) on subsequent lines.
The newest or top level image layer is listed last in any tree branch.
.SS List images in GraphViz format
.PP
To display the list in a format consumable by a GraphViz tools run with
\f[B]\-v\f[].
For example to produce a .png graph file of the hierarchy use:
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
docker\ images\ \-\-viz\ |\ dot\ \-Tpng\ \-o\ docker.png
\f[]
.fi
.SS Listing only the shortened image IDs
.PP
Listing just the shortened image IDs.
This can be useful for some automated tools.
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
docker\ images\ \-q
\f[]
.fi
.SH HISTORY
.PP
April 2014, Originally compiled by William Henry (whenry at redhat dot
com) based on docker.io source material and internal work.
.SH AUTHORS
William Henry.
