.TH "DOCKER" "1" "APRIL 2014" "Docker User Manuals" ""
.SH NAME
.PP
docker\-rm \- Remove one or more containers.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\f[B]docker rm\f[] [\f[B]\-f\f[]|\f[B]\-\-force\f[][=\f[I]false\f[]]
[\f[B]\-l\f[]|\f[B]\-\-link\f[][=\f[I]false\f[]] [\f[B]\-v\f[]|
\f[B]\-\-volumes\f[][=\f[I]false\f[]] CONTAINER [CONTAINER...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\f[B]docker rm\f[] will remove one or more containers from the host
node.
The container name or ID can be used.
This does not remove images.
You cannot remove a running container unless you use the \-foption.
To see all containers on a host use the \f[B]docker ps \-a\f[] command.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\f[B]\-f\f[], \f[B]\-\-force\f[]=\f[I]true\f[]|\f[I]false\f[] When set
to true, force the removal of the container.
The default is \f[I]false\f[].
.PP
\f[B]\-l\f[], \f[B]\-\-link\f[]=\f[I]true\f[]|\f[I]false\f[] When set to
true, remove the specified link and not the underlying container.
The default is \f[I]false\f[].
.PP
\f[B]\-v\f[], \f[B]\-\-volumes\f[]=\f[I]true\f[]|\f[I]false\f[] When set
to true, remove the volumes associated to the container.
The default is \f[I]false\f[].
.SH EXAMPLES
.SS Removing a container using its ID
.PP
To remove a container using its ID, find either from a \f[B]docker ps
\-a\f[] command, or use the ID returned from the \f[B]docker run\f[]
command, or retrieve it from a file used to store it using the
\f[B]docker run \-\-cidfile\f[]:
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
docker\ rm\ abebf7571666
\f[]
.fi
.SS Removing a container using the container name
.PP
The name of the container can be found using the \f[B]docker ps \-a\f[]
command.
The use that name as follows:
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
docker\ rm\ hopeful_morse
\f[]
.fi
.SH HISTORY
.PP
April 2014, Originally compiled by William Henry (whenry at redhat dot
com) based on docker.io source material and internal work.
.SH AUTHORS
William Henry.
